is the Virginia radio program good
morning what would junior show as you
can see we are at the Arby's on Valley
Avenue right now we are having a good
time that we said in the listeners out
for a little bit of a prank this is what
we're doing we got a box over here now
come with me Adrian
are our promotion system Adrian now
Adrian's gonna give you an example of
what's going on inside the boxes New
York come over here and get you a good
look in New York New York is posted up
inside the box oom in on them things
right there move that let the people see
them things okay all right so those in
the box
Adrian walks up and she's the listener
oh go get to see these reach in there
that's what we hope will happen so we're
gonna post up here all day and see who
we can get by scaring the hell out of
them going to dam New York in a box
I'll make somebody lose a wig gonna fall
off let's give it a shot all right we're
gonna let you get a t-shirt for
listening go ahead and grab your t-shirt
up out there there you go yeah get your
t-shirt get you another one resounding
that real good going to get your t-shirt
what's your name
bamm-bamm what's up with it we're just a
morning show just help yourself to any
prizes and we got coupons we got print
call CDs all kinds of study shirts some
of our prank call CDs are down there in
the box as well just reach in and get
you a t-shirt whatever you some in the
box our CD we're done here New York is
gonna bust up at the box now
now how do I feel know how you feel and
how you feel about yourself okay okay
you feel better now just um I don't even
know what today is
you feel good not you done a good job
scan auto listeners I feel great
you ready for some RVs the Royal
Virginia radio program the morning